New default upgrade (#4614)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/fundamentals/setup/upgrading/version-specific.md

# Version specific upgrades

> *This document covers specific upgrade steps if a version requires them. Most versions do not require specific upgrade steps. An cases you will be able to upgrade directly from your current version to the latest version.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This document covers specific upgrade steps if a version requires them. Most versions do not require specific upgrade steps. In some cases, you will be able to upgrade directly from your current version to the latest version.*
```
